fix(backend): Remove peerDep of `svix` for `verifyWebhook()` (#6059)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/hungry-mangos-shout.md

---
'@clerk/backend': minor
'@clerk/astro': minor
'@clerk/express': minor
'@clerk/fastify': minor
'@clerk/nextjs': minor
'@clerk/nuxt': minor
'@clerk/react-router': minor
'@clerk/tanstack-react-start': minor
---

> - Refactored the `verifyWebhook()` function to manually verify a incoming Clerk webhook request. This change removes the need to install the `svix` package. There are no changes to the usage of the function.
> 
> If you installed `svix` for the previous versions of `verifyWebhook()` you can uninstall it.

Reviewer: Lead with _what_, then _why_, and then further explanations.

```suggestion
The `svix` dependency is no longer needed when using the `verifyWebhook()` function. It was refactored to not rely on this package anymore while keeping the same functionality and behavior.

If you previously installed `svix` to use `verifyWebhook()` you can uninstall it now:
```
